# AgriPestoE-commerceWebsiteDevelopment

# The main objective of this project is to develop an E-Commerce Website which will be very supportive and helpful to the farmers in terms of agricultural pesticides. The methods I have used to develop front end of website is html and css. The result I have observed with using different tags, elements, fonts, attributes etc is front end of E-commerce website. To conclude that I have developed a front end of the webiste with background image, navigation bar, search box, login form. 

# AgriPesto is the title I have choosen for this ecommerce website to give a proper idea, knowledge to the farmers about pesticides to be sprayed at particular instant time of a particular crop. AgriPesto Ecommerce website is all about agriculture pesticides and also helps in farmers to yield more crops and quality crops.In this website I am going to add a chat box, so that farmers can share their agriculture field image with some bacterial disease or particular crop related diseases. So,according to the image shared by farmer, particular pesticide related to crop disease is to be suggested. The required amount or quantity of pesticides(chemicals) to be sprayed in particular area of  agriculture land is also suggested to the farmer if he drop any query in the chat box. This website helps in saving the farmers time. This website helps in farmers to have a complete idea on Agricultural Pesticides and very supportive to the farmers to yield a quality and large amount of crops.The main reason and  idea I got to develop this website is “farmers are backbone of our country” and to support the term “Jai Kisan”.
